By the time you graduate from your nanodegree program,
you'll have mastered relevant skills and learn to work independently.
We want to help you get there as efficiently as possible.
That's why we focus on learning by doing.
To graduate, you complete a series of milestones,
most of which will take the form of projects.
You can prepare for these projects by taking our courses,
although reviewing all of the course material isn't a graduation requirement.
If you've come in with a ton of prior experience,
feel free to try jumping right into the projects.
However, most students go through the course material thoroughly,
to make sure they have the skills and knowledge they need
to be successful in their projects and beyond.